README.md, before:

# GitHub Integration

Repository of GitHub Integration files.

My goal is to centralize all of my GitHub integration scripts and provide them in a way that is easily integrated into an existing repository.

The different ways in which I have worked can be summed up as follows, in ascending order of complexity:

1. Personal private project
2. Personal public project
3. Personal public library
4. Collaborative project
6. Collaborative public library
8. Open source project
7. Open source library

Terms:

1. Personal - intended for my own use.
2. Collaborative - working with one or more people I know personally.
3. Open source - working in public and accepting public requests.
4. Project - codebase not intended for use within another codebase. Examples: website, theme, CLI-only program.
5. Library - codebase intended for use by other developers within their code.

Although many of the files here are based on my own experience and scripts I've written for projects over the years, I drew a lot of inspiration and knowledge from the following repositories that are doing this at a level I can only describe as best in class:

1. [GitHub Docs](https://github.com/github/docs)
2. [Laravel Framework](https://github.com/laravel/.github)

Some GitHub actions were copied from these repositories as a starting point and if any attribution is warranted to them I do so freely.

Commit message:

Improve the readme file by adding a table of contents for documentation within the repo

README.md, after:

# GitHub Integration

Repository of GitHub integration files.

My goal is to centralize all of my GitHub integration scripts and provide them in a way that is easily integrated into an existing repository.

The different ways in which I have worked can be summed up as follows, in ascending order of complexity:

1. Personal private project
2. Personal public project
3. Personal public library
4. Collaborative project
6. Collaborative public library
8. Open source project
7. Open source library

## Table of Contents

1. [Terms](#terms)
2. [Contributing](./CONTRIBUTING.md)
3. [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)
4. [License](./LICENSE.md)
5. [Changelog](./CHANGELOG.md)

## Terms

1. Personal - intended for my own use.
2. Collaborative - working with one or more people I know personally.
3. Open source - working in public and accepting public requests.
4. Project - codebase not intended for use within another codebase. Examples: website, theme, CLI-only program.
5. Library - codebase intended for use by other developers within their code.

Although many of the files here are based on my own experience and scripts I've written for projects over the years, I drew a lot of inspiration and knowledge from the following repositories that are doing this at a level I can only describe as best in class:

1. [GitHub Docs](https://github.com/github/docs)
2. [Laravel Framework](https://github.com/laravel/.github)

Some GitHub actions were copied from these repositories as a starting point and if any attribution is warranted to them I do so freely.
